Issue 173 - update quotations and italics - G-I (#283)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/i.adoc

[discrete]
[[id-views]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] ID views (noun)

> *Description*: In Red Hat Enterprise Linux, _ID views_ enable you to specify new values for POSIX user or group attributes, and to define on which client host or hosts the new values will apply. See examples of ID views usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: In Red Hat Enterprise Linux, you can use _ID views_ to specify new values for POSIX users or group attributes, and to define on which client host or hosts the new values apply. See examples of ID views usage:
```
These suggestions are a bit nitpicky but
-  might reduce the anthropomorphic "enable you" that puts the technology in control
- Pluralizing "user" is a guess. Alternatively,  maybe it should  be "a POSIX user"
- I think we can use the present tense instead of the future

Author: Not nitpicky at all. A bit out of scope for this PR, but I might as well improve the wording while I'm making changes (as long as the technical meaning doesn't change).

==== image:images/yes.png[yes] identity provider (noun)
*Description*: An _identity provider (IDP)_ is a service that authenticates a user. Red Hat Single Sign-On is an IDP.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*: xref:identity-provider-federation[identity provider federation], xref:identity-provider-mappers[identity provider mappers]

// RHSSO: Added "In Red Hat Single Sign-On, you can" and removed a few other words
[discrete]
[[identity-provider-federation]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] identity provider federation (noun)
*Description*: In Red Hat Single Sign-On, you can delegate authentication to one or more IDPs, and this process is referred to as _identity provider federation_. Social login through Facebook or Google+ is an example of identity provider federation. You can also hook Red Hat Single Sign-On to delegate authentication to any other OpenID Connect or SAML 2.0 IDP.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*: xref:identity-provider[identity provider], xref:identity-provider-mappers[identity provider mappers]

// RHSSO: General; kept as is
[discrete]
[[identity-provider-mappers]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] identity provider mappers (noun)

> *Description*: When doing IDP federation, you can map incoming tokens and assertions to user and session attributes, which you refer to as _identity provider mappers_. This helps you propagate identity information from the external IDP to your client requesting authentication.

Reviewer 2: which you refer to as "identity provider mappers"

Author: Changed

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

> *See also*: xref:identity-provider[identity provider], xref:identity-provider-federation[identity provider federation], xref:identity-token[identity-token]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*See also*: xref:identity-provider[identity provider], xref:identity-provider-federation[identity provider federation], xref:identity-token[identity token]
```

Author: fixed

[discrete]
[[idm-crl-publisher-server]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] IdM CRL publisher server (noun)

> *Description*: In Red Hat Enterprise Linux, if your IdM topology contains an integrated certificate authority (CA), one server has the unique role of the Certificate revocation list (CRL) publisher server. This server is known as an _IdM CRL publisher server_ and is responsible for maintaining the CRL. By default, the server that fulfills the `CA renewal server` role also fulfills this role, but you can configure any CA server to be the _IdM CRL publisher server_. In a deployment without integrated CA, there is no _IdM CRL publisher server_.

Author: fixed

==== image:images/yes.png[yes] IdM server and replicas (noun)
*Description*: In Red Hat Enterprise Linux, to install the first server in an IdM deployment, you must use the `ipa-server-install` command.

> Administrators can then use the `ipa-replica-install` command to install _replicas_ in addition to the first _server_ that was installed. By default, installing a replica creates a replication agreement with the IdM server from which it was created, enabling receiving and sending updates to the rest of IdM.

Reviewer: This one is surely beyond scope so maybe it could be addressed at a later date.

But this whole entry doesn't seem to define one term like the rest of the glossary does. The part of the entry that contains the two terms (now italicized), doesn't define them, which is when we're supposed to use italics -in a definition. Instead the entry discusses the commands needed to install these servers.
Only the final line of the entry is a definition  "Both are fully functional read/write IdM servers."

Again, not a PR-blocking issue :]

Author: Thanks @ndeevy. Maybe you could write this up as a separate issue?

Reviewer: Ack. A future issue to review these types of things makes sense.

[discrete]
[[iiop-openjdk]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] iiop-openjdk subsystem (noun)

> *Description*: In Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform, the _iiop-openjdk_ subsystem is used to configure Common Object Request Broker Architecture (CORBA) services. In general text, write in lowercase as two words separated by a hyphen. Use "IIOP subsystem" when referring to the `iiop-openjdk` subsystem in titles and headings.

Reviewer 3: In other entries for EAP subsystems, the entire thing is italicized. So should be _iiop-openjdk subsystem_ in the first sentence

Author: fixed

[discrete]
[[insight]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Insight (noun)
*Description*: _Insight_ is a graphical user interface to the GNU Debugger (GDB). Insight is written in Tcl/Tk and was developed by associates from Red Hat and Cygnus Solutions.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: GDBTK

> *See also*: xref:gdb[GDB], xref:gdb-command[gdb]

Reviewer 3: Nice catch!

[discrete]
[[intel-virtualization-technology]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Intel Virtualization Technology (noun)

> *Description*: The first and all prominent uses of _Intel Virtualization Technology_ should be spelled out, immediately followed by the abbreviation, for example, "Intel Virtualization Technology (Intel VT) for Intel 64 or Itanium architecture (Intel VT-i)". Subsequent uses can be abbreviated to "Intel VT-i". Always write the abbreviation in uppercase letters, accompanied by the Intel mark. Do not use the abbreviation in any prominent places, such as in titles or paragraph headings. Do not include any trademark symbols, such as (TM) or "\(TM).

Reviewer 2: "Intel Virtualization Technology (Intel VT) for Intel 64" or "Itanium architecture (Intel VT-i)"

Author: fixed

[discrete]
[[interesting]]
==== image:images/no.png[no] interesting (adjective)

> *Description*: Avoid using _interesting_ as a substitute for showing the reader why something is of interest. For example, instead of writing, "It is interesting to note...", consider using a "Note" admonition.

Reviewer 2: Avoid using "interesting"

Author: fixed

[discrete]
[[io]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] io subsystem (noun)

> *Description*: In Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform, the _io subsystem_ is used to define workers and buffer pools used by other subsystems. In general text, write "io" in lowercase as one word. Use "IO subsystem" when referring to the io subsystem in titles and headings.

Reviewer 2: _io subsystem_ > `io` subsystem

Author: Changed

> *Description*: In Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform, the _`io` subsystem_ is used to define workers and buffer pools used by other subsystems. In general text, write "io" in lowercase as one word. Use "IO subsystem" when referring to the `io` subsystem in titles and headings.

Reviewer 4: _`io` subsystem_ is not showing up with correct formatting for me. Double check this.

Author: Fixed.

> *Description*: In Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform, the `_io_` _subsystem_ is used to define workers and buffer pools used by other subsystems. In general text, write "io" in lowercase as one word. Use "IO subsystem" when referring to the `io` subsystem in titles and headings.

Reviewer 3: I don't think the other EAP subsystems use backticks for their references in the first sentence. So I would revert the backticks there.

```suggestion
*Description*: In Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform, the _io subsystem_ is used to define workers and buffer pools used by other subsystems. In general text, write "io" in lowercase as one word. Use "IO subsystem" when referring to the `io` subsystem in titles and headings.
```

Author: fixed

[discrete]
[[itanium]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Itanium (noun)

> *Description*: _Itanium_ is a 64-bit RISC microprocessor and a member of Intel's Merced family of processors. Based on the Explicitly Parallel Instruction Computing (EPIC) design philosophy, which states that the compiler should decide which instructions be executed together, Itanium has the highest FPU power available. In 64-bit mode, Itanium is able to calculate two bundles of a maximum of three instructions at a time. In 32-bit mode, it is much slower. Decoders must first translate 32-bit instruction sets into 64-bit instruction sets, which results in extra-clock cycle use. Itanium's primary use is driving large applications that require more than 4 GB of memory, such as databases, ERP, and future internet applications.

Reviewer: Since this just came up on the style council chat group, I notice there's a `'s` after Intel, which is a brand name so I think shouldn't be punctuated. I'm not sure about `Itanium's` but would err on the side of removing the `'s`in case.
We could possibly say: 

`..a member of the Intel Merced family of processors. `
and 
`The primary use of Itanium microprocessors is to drive large applications ...`

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: IA64, ia64

> *See also*: xref:itanium2[itanium-2]

Reviewer 3: This xref doesn't work, and the display isn't correct

```suggestion
*See also*: xref:itanium-2[Itanium 2]
```

Author: fixed

[discrete]
[[itanium-2]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Itanium 2 (noun)
*Description*: _Itanium 2_ is correct. Do not use "Itanium2" without the space between "Itanium" and "2".

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: Itanium2

> *See also*: xref:itanium[itanium]

Author: fixed
